UI: Known issue for KV v2 secrets containing underscores if no `read` permissions for the `subkeys` endpoint (#31147)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/release-notes/change-summary/1_20.mdx

1.20.0 | No     | **Yes**    | All        | [Duplicate unseal/seal wrap HSM keys](/vault/docs/v1.20.x/updates/important-changes#hsm-keys)
1.20.0 | No     | **Yes**    | Enterprise | [Development cluster setting overwritten on secondary cluster reload](/vault/docs/v1.20.x/updates/important-changes#development-cluster-reload)
1.20.0 | No     | **Yes**    | All        | [UI login fails for auth mounts with underscores and unauthenticated listing](/vault/docs/v1.20.x/updates/important-changes#ui-login-underscore)

> 1.20.0 | No     | **Yes**    | All        | [UI view KV v2 secret errors without permissions to read subkeys](/vault/docs/v1.20.x/updates/important-changes#ui-kvv2-underscore-secrets)

Author: ```suggestion
1.20.0 | No     | **Yes**    | All        | [UI navigation to a KV v2 secret with an underscore errors without permissions to read subkeys](/vault/docs/v1.20.x/updates/important-changes#ui-kvv2-underscore-secrets)
```
